[classical music playing]
[Marty] So where do we live?
[Wendy] Look who's getting
ahead of himself.
[Marty] How about Luxembourg?
[Wendy] That's the best you've got?
Luxembourg?
-[Marty] How about Santorini?
-[Wendy] No.
-[Marty] No? Some white sand beaches?
-[Wendy] Mnh-mnh.
Tourists. Steep inclines. Donkeys.
[chattering]
[Marty] There's Slugworth. Who's he with?
[Wendy] Steve Simmons,
chief compliance officer.
-[Marty] Hmm. Someone's been studying.
-[Wendy] You're surprised?
[Marty] Who are the other two?
[Wendy] State attorney general
and Leslie Ann Mackey.
She's the founder
of Missourians for Morality.
[Marty] Hanging out with the other
Missourians is probably more fun.
[Wendy] Okay, be nice and play nice.
Hyannis Port?
-Are we the Kennedys now?
-Please.
What do you think it was starting out as
a bootlegger in the real world, actually?
The Gold Coast?
Australia, Wendy? Come on.
Nobody'd be looking for us in Australia.
Yeah. No shit.
-You got him?
-Mm-hmm.
-Is he alone?
[Marty] Are you ready?
[Wendy] Mm-hmm.
-Good luck.
-Mm-hmm.
[Darlene] Jacob's angry with me.
I can tell.
[sighs] Just feels different.
I think maybe
I shouldn't have killed this Mexican.
[Ash] The man disrespected you
in your own home.
[grunts]
Now, you know how much I admire Mr. Snell.
[Darlene] Speak your mind, child.
[Ash] Sometimes you have to agree
to disagree.
That's part of the covenant.
You're a sweet boy, Ash. You know that?
[Jacob] Wendy.
Jacob Snell. My wife, Darlene.
Our associate Ash.
-[Darlene] Fresh from our hives.
-Thank you.
Hi, there.
-A moment?
-Yeah. Excuse me.
-I take it she knows your business.
-Uh, yeah.
Tricky thing, combining work and marriage,
but a blessing when it works.
That's true.
You have the keys
to our Mexican friend's vehicle?
Yeah. Here you go. It's parked
around the bend, off the road a bit.
Ash will drive it to Chicago.
He's got the man's cell phone
and his credit cards.
Okay. Just make sure you swipe one
of them when you get up there.
As far the world will know,
the man drove to Chicago
and fell off the face of God's Earth.
Yeah, yeah. I left, like, three messages
on his cell phone.
Call me back when you get there.
Make sure the cell towers--
-This is a drill we're familiar with.
-Uh-huh. Okay. See you.
[Darlene] You buckle up! Drive safe.
Things happen.
You apologize and you move on.
She blew a man's head off.
For which she is contrite.
Am I supposed to believe that?
-The woman brought you fresh honey.
-Mm-hmm.
[door opens]
[exhales]
Clean sheets again.
I thought I'd feel different.
Like we went around the world,
came back and everything had changed.
I know that sounds stupid.
I wouldn't have been as brave as you were
when that fucker was in the living room.
I wouldn't have been able
to pull the trigger.
Yes, you would have.
I keep thinking about it.
I would have just frozen.
Mom told me to.
Figured you should have half.
Took it the night
we were putting it in the wall.
I don't even know why I did it.
-How much is it?
-Ten thousand.
You think I should tell Mom and Dad?
No.
We might need it.
[Charlotte sighs]
[door opens and closes]
[Ruth] I used to not even think
about the future.
Because, you know...
what was the point?
So I'd get mad or get into trouble.
But in the last few months, I've been...
I've been tryin' to be a better person.
Think about people besides just myself.
You know, I got a real job,
one with insurance and everything, and...
I'm looking after two boys,
and I'm even thinking about their futures.
[inhales]
But I know I gotta keep myself right.
Because if I don't, I'll lose everything.
And I don't think any
of that would be possible
if it wasn't for my dad.
[breathes deeply]
I've been coming
to visit him regular and...
And I know how bad he wants to do good.
Thank you, Miss Langmore.
Though it's important
for this parole board
to consider the inmate's character,
it's also important to consider
the question, "Why now?"
Yes, ma'am.
[Ruth] Like I said,
I'm becoming the guardian of two boys,
my cousins,
who recently lost their dad.
And I'm tryin' my best every day.
But I'm just a young girl.
I know what it means to need a daddy.
[Tuck] Hey, Marty!
Hey, Tuck. What's going on?
Everything's locked.
Down here and by the front door, too.
Yeah? Did you try Rachel?
It goes straight to her voicemail.
Just like yesterday.
-Yesterday, too, huh?
-Yes.
-Um, is your mom and sister home?
Why don't you head home? I'll call you
when I need you for work, okay?
Okay.
[breathes deeply]
Fuck!
-[Harry] Mrs. Byrde?
-Oh.
[chuckles] Harry, you scared me.
-Can I help you with something?
-Yes.
I was wondering. Why do we use the freezer
when embalmed bodies don't need
to be refrigerated?
Coolers.
[Wendy] I'm sorry.
They're called coolers, not freezers.
In the funeral game.
That notwithstanding,
I think we could save an enormous amount
of money on refrigeration costs
if we turned the coolers
into storage units.
I'll buy the locks myself.
[Harry] Of course.
Also, I was thinking...
We should probably buy some more caskets.
In bulk. To save money. Say 25?
-I need to borrow the hearse.
-I'm sorry.
We have a terminally ill tenant.
He wants to test drive his final ride.
That's okay, isn't it?
Well...
[stammering] it's all highly unusual.
Hmm.
Don't seem so fucking glad to see me.
I'm expecting somebody else.
I've been callin'.
And I've been busy.
We need to talk about my future.
I can't talk right now, okay?
Wyatt's got to go to college.
You have any idea what college costs?
-Yeah, I got a pretty good idea.
-A shit ton.
-I'm serious. This is not a good time
for us to talk, okay?
I was thinkin', you and me,
we could be partners.
What I meant was, not now.
No, stay in the car.
At least I can get a percentage!
I think I fucking earned it, Marty!
-You gotta pump the brakes a bit--
-I'm not fucking stupid!
I know that the cartels are gonna
eventually dump another pile
of shit money on you!
We'll see.
We'll see. I promise we'll talk, okay?
I promise.
Nice whip.
-What was that about?
-Her uncles.
Any idea how much she took?
No. We're just gonna have to
count it all
and pray to God we can absorb the loss
without the cartel finding out.
It's gonna take half the night
to move all this.
Yeah, well, she fucked us.
She fucked us and now she's...
She fucked us.
What did you tell the kids?
Just that we had to work late,
not to stay up. Buddy's with them.
Wendy, I know.
I know. Let's just get started.
Hey.
-I'm just gonna be in here, all right?
-Yeah, I'll be right over.
Hey.
What?
I hope you're using a rubber.
Come on, it's not like that.
We just hang out.
Fixing it up for your dad?
Yeah.
It's gonna be okay.
I know. I just want him to have
a nice place. [chuckles]
Start straight.
Well, just saying you're not alone.
[growling]
You dicks go to bed.
[Jonah] Have you seen
my humanities folder?
[Wendy] It's next to the TV.
[Marty] Guys, tell me one more time
where you were last week
when you were out of school.
[Charlotte] At a funeral
in North Carolina.
[Marty] Yep. For who?
-Great-Aunt Tyra.
-[Marty] Yep.
[Charlotte] Think we could start making
chai instead of coffee?
Maybe matcha?
You know, something macrobiotic.
-Do we even have a Great-Aunt Tyra?
-Yeah, unfortunately.
Before you ask, don't worry.
I'll replace your phone this afternoon.
Guys, this is a new baseline, okay?
We're gonna build normal from here.
We're out of danger?
Uh, yes. But everything from now on
needs to be about keeping it that way.
Which means we need 100% honesty.
Like our lives depend on it.
You understand that?
Yeah.
-Why is Buddy here?
-Buddy's not deaf.
Buddy's gonna oversee the installation
of a security system this morning.
Plus, we need to get that window replaced.
Yeah, next time I'll aim lower,
shoot 'em in the ball sack,
avoid the shattered glass.
What happened to the body?
We took it to the funeral parlor.
We cremated it.
[Charlotte] What funeral parlor?
I bought one before we left town.
You bought a funeral parlor?
-[Wendy] Uh-huh.
-[cellphone chiming]
Have you killed other people?
-Of course not.
-We do not kill people.
Guys, that's it. Please, to school.
Learning. Hello.
Yeah.
Okay.
I understand.
Yeah, bye.
[Charlotte] Is everything okay?
Total honesty.
Yeah, everything's great. In fact,
our casino project has its first meeting.
Oh. They're here.
All right. Everyone in the car.
They should have come to us.
This is neutral territory.
It's a lack of respect and trust,
is what it is.
Well, just... Everybody stay calm, okay?
This is a simple business arrangement.
All of life's
a simple business arrangement.
That's why you prepare for anything.
-You must be Marty Byrde.
-Yeah.
Helen Pierce.
I'm the attorney for your employer.
Jacob Snell. My wife Darlene.
Where's Del?
I was hoping you could tell me.
Oh. Uh...
I assumed he'd be here.
We can't seem to locate him.
Last we heard, he was in Chicago.
Okay. Well, what does that mean?
[Helen] It means we endeavor without him.
Trust me when I tell you that
my client has a very deep bench.
Yeah.
Should we go inside?
Discuss things more casually?
Good.
My client is prepared to offer
an 80-20 split.
[Darlene] In whose favor?
Seems to me that 80-20 in either direction
doesn't exactly speak to a partnership.
My client appreciates what a project
this size must mean for you.
You're donating your land,
but he's the one incurring all the risk.
-[Darlene] His risk?
-That's right.
From a pueblo in Mexico.
Financial risk.
Well, there's certainly plenty of risk
to go around.
Not to mention the potential loss
of reputation to my client
if he distributes
a product that's inferior.
In...
[chuckles] I've been patient,
and I have been respectful.
I suggest you do the same
when you're talkin' about my business.
I am simply suggesting
that all farms are unique.
Quality can vary.
Uh-huh.
That can be tested, right? The quality?
Quite frankly,
my client and I both have doubts
you can even deliver this casino.
Okay. Why is that?
'Cause Missouri has a cap on the number
of casinos allowed to open?
[Helen] Or the fact that the casino has
to be actually physically completed
before a bid can be approved?
Which creates a huge financial risk
for most people,
but provides an opportunity
to move cash for us.
Don't forget about the political campaign
needed to overturn that cap.
It would take a seasoned pro, right?
Someone like, say, my wife.
So, my job is to deliver a casino.
I can do that.
You just need to make a fair deal.
And to be clear,
I'm gonna be taking 3% of the profits.
Okay? That's my customary fee.
I don't want anyone to think I'm being
anything less than transparent.
You do realize you're betting everything
on being able to pull this off.
Yeah.
Six months you're gonna have a casino.
Let me ask you, for the record,
did Del say anything to you
about going to Chicago?
No.
Because he was scheduled
on a private jet to Mexico City.
Changing plans would have been
a breach of trust.
My client is a man
who demands absolute trust,
as I'm sure you can appreciate.
Of course.
Don't fuck with me.
And don't fuck with my client. Understand?
They'll kill your children.
They'll gut your fucking wife.
Do you want me to tell you
what they'll do to you?
Okay.
This was productive.
[Wendy] Well?
The last they heard, Del was in Chicago.
[Wendy exhales]
11:30 in the morning.
Now we just have to pull off
opening a fucking casino.
[upbeat music playing]
[Rose] I don't wanna get
a bitch in trouble,
but Cheyenne, she's turning tricks
in the VIP room again.
[Cheyenne moaning]
-What the fuck? Get off!
-[Cheyenne screams]
[yells]
[Ruth] What the fuck?
What the fuck, you fat ass?
My dick don't bend that way, you bitch!
What the fuck, Barry?
Why are you full-on naked?
She should be the one getting naked!
Not you!
What the fuck are you
putting your T-shirt on first?
Get your pants on. Get your pants on!
-Fucking pig! Get out! Get out! Fuck! Ugh!
-Sorry. Sorry!
Hey, hey! Wait, wait!
You're so desperate for money,
you come to me.
I'm not gonna have a $5,000 fine on my ass
so you can fuck
some dumb ginger hillbilly.
-Do you understand?
-Yeah.
Okay, good. Get the fuck out of here!
Wait a minute.
Are you clean?
Listen, I'm giving you the opportunity
to introduce legislation
that could lead to a brand-new casino
in your district.
You got any idea how much I make
as a state senator?
[Marty] I do, yeah. $35,914 per year.
Plus $104 per day in per diem
if you show up at roll call.
[Mercer] Which is why
we all have other jobs.
[Marty] Yeah.
[Mercer] I ain't doing it to get rich.
I'm doing it for the people
in this district.
[Marty] Right. A new casino
would yield about
a thousand new jobs per year
for the people of your district.
[Mercer] And the crime that'd follow?
Well, listen, we're planning
to build completely locally.
We'll use only vendors from the community.
Like, say, your local lumber.
I take it you've been to the lake house.
-I don't know what you're talking about.
-[chuckles]
Come back and talk to me when you do.
Have a good one. [chuckles]
Yeah, this one's fine now.
-Check out the one in the back again.
-In the back?
Yeah, the back.
I just got off the phone
with Jack and Sylvie
from the Cavanaugh campaign.
They said the lake house is exactly that.
It's the second home
of a wealthy businessman
from Kansas City named Charles Wilkes.
He made a fortune
in agricultural equipment.
-Wilkes.
-Mm-hmm.
Gonna make me ask you?
I know you got more.
Missouri is the only state in our union
that has no limit
on personal campaign contributions.
Which means someone like Wilkes
can virtually run state government
based on who he backs.
If you want to get something done,
you go to--
You go to the lake house. Yeah.
What's this guy's politics?
-Not ours.
Charles Wilkes is a union-busting,
right-to-work toolbag.
Though he does have a couple of things
on social issues worth listening to.
[Wendy] Like I said, not ours.
Yeah, I'm gonna ignore that.
[Marty chuckles]
His office laughed me off the line
when I asked for an appointment.
What about if we use
your real estate connections
to locate the lake house?
Sure, but it's off-season.
He's probably never there.
And even if he was,
what are we supposed to do?
Camp on his front yard?
Yeah, well...
how the hell are we gonna get to him?
[snoring]
[alarm blaring]
[rifle cocks]
-[Charlotte] Don't shoot!
-[Wendy] Oh, my God! Oh, my God!
My God, Charlotte!
I could have killed you!
[Charlotte] I forgot the code!
[Wendy] I could have killed you!
The code is your birthday!
I forgot it! I'm sorry!
[Marty] What the hell are you even doing
out of the house?
It's not past my curfew!
-[Wendy] We didn't even know you were out.
-[alarm stops]
I need to know where you are,
where both of you are.
Every second of every day.
You understand that?
-So like prisoners?
-No, not like prisoners.
-Get to bed, please.
-Then like what?
Like people we're trying to keep safe.
-[Jonah] But you said we were safe.
-We are. We are.
-[Jonah] You just said that--
-I know what I said.
It doesn't make sense! We're free,
but you want us locked inside.
-You wanna know where we are every second.
-[Marty] Calm down.
We came back because this was the only way
for all of us to live a life.
I know it's not fair,
but we need six months.
We know you love us and we know
you just want to keep us safe,
but none of this would make any difference
if somebody really wanted us dead.
Listen, your mother and I have a plan.
We need six months.
That's all we're asking for.
Once the casino's open,
we can move anywhere in the world.
Until then, we got to know
where you are. That's it.
If you'll excuse me,
I'm gonna wash down
some heart medicine with a large bourbon.
Good night, Buddy. Sorry.
Good night, Jonah.
[Wendy] Where were you, anyway?
-I was just with Wyatt.
-Great.
We have a plan to get out of here
in six months?
[Marty] We got 3% of the profits.
[Wendy] Yeah, but you know what happens
if we skim.
[Marty] We're not skimming.
It's our money.
I told 'em straight up, we have 3%.
I hit one button,
and it disappears into offshore oblivion.
Once the casino's open,
the laundering becomes self-sufficient
and it'll be months
before they know we're gone.
We just need to decide
where in the world we want to disappear.
[breathes deeply]
[Marty] I disagree.
I think that this place has substantial
investment holdings. It's perfect.
[Wendy] A couple of movers could help make
that point right about now.
[Marty chuckles] We're almost done.
[door opens]
Is that something I gotta sign for?
Can you just leave it up front?
Hi.
[Wendy] Hi, can I help you?
[man] This is a nice space.
Lake view.
I hope the lease isn't predicated
on you actually opening a casino.
You did speak to a state senator
about lifting the casino cap
from 13 to 14.
Uh, it was a preliminary conversation.
Well, I'll save you the legwork.
That bill will never reach the floor.
Is that your opinion, or...
does it belong to Charles Wilkes?
We don't know you.
Well, that's understandable.
Maybe we can talk you through some
of our--
Martin Byrde, Indiana State University.
Founder of Liddell and Byrde.
Whose co-founder,
Bruce Liddell, went missing
just after the business was liquidated
and you moved to Osage Beach,
where you serve as an angel investor
in one gentlemen's club,
one sleepy resort and one funeral home.
Thereby hitting for the sex,
nap, death cycle.
It's not that we don't know you.
The point is,
we don't know you.
Invite us to the lake house.
Then you will.
♪ Oh! ♪
♪ Check it out, check it out ♪
♪ This here goes out... ♪
[man] Don't call for an appointment again.
♪ Think your shit is sweet ♪
♪ Nigga creep up on your ass, ha! ♪
♪ Live niggas respect it
Check it ♪
♪ I kick flows for ya
Kick down doors for ya ♪
♪ Even left all my motherfuckin'
Hoes for ya ♪
♪ Niggas think Frankie
Pussy-whipped, nigga ♪
♪ Picture that
With a Kodak, Insta-ma-tac ♪
♪ We don't get down like that
Lay my game down quite flat ♪
♪ Sweetness, where you parked at? ♪
♪ Petiteness, but that ass fat ♪
♪ She got a body
Make a nigga wanna eat that ♪
♪ I'm fuckin' with you ♪
♪ I'm sittin' in the crib dreamin'
About Lear jets and coupes ♪
♪ The way Salt shoops
And how they sell records like Snoop ♪
-♪ Oops! I'm interrupted by a doorbell ♪
-[doorbell rings]
[Ruth] You good?
[car engine starts]
[car engine stops]
Why'd you do it?
Do what?
Don't.
Russ was a fucking rat.
Bullshit.
This was in his trailer.
He was asking me all sorts of questions
about stealing money
and killing Marty Byrde.
You say anything?
I didn't say shit.
They were my fucking brothers.
I'm your fucking daughter.
I don't know who he was working with,
but he was gonna pin me for fucking murder
and he was on his way to do it.
Next time, get me a fucking blonde.
[Wendy] Hello.
Are you Sister Alice?
-Yes, Mrs. Byrde, please sit.
-Thank you.
[Alice] You were trying
to find records for a relative.
Yes, a cousin.
We think he may have been here
about 30 years ago.
I'm wondering
if you happen to have any files
or photo albums
I might be able to look at.
-Of course.
-Oh, good.
-Right over here.
-Thank you.
That can't be real. Get on over here.
Oh, God damn! Let me look at you.
Uncle Cade!
Now there's a grown-up Langmore man
if I ever seen one.
You. You were just a little tadpole
last time I seen you.
Welcome home, Uncle Cade.
Yeah, I'm sorry your dad and uncle
aren't here for us all to be together,
but I promise, on my honor,
I'm gonna do right by you in their memory.
Ah. I can't believe how big you both are.
Daddy.
You're staying over there.
I thought you'd want your privacy.
Get over here.
This about the nicest thing I ever seen.
Hello.
[Wendy] Hi. I'm here!
[Marty] Well, what's the emergency?
I told Ruth that I would talk to her.
And I can't keep putting it off.
It's too important.
What's that, a tux?
I thought our anniversary is in August.
Charles Wilkes is throwing a benefit
for his charity tonight in Kansas City.
I bought a table.
You bought a table?
For $50,000.
$50,000?
Wendy, you realize he sent someone
to explicitly tell us to stay away.
-No, he didn't.
-He didn't?
Okay. You know,
the second you get back around politics,
you get this look.
You know that, right?
No one drives four hours
to tell someone to stay away.
It's like calling someone and saying
you never want to speak to them again.
[Marty] Mm-hmm.
It wasn't a warning,
it was an invitation.
Got it.
[music playing on radio]
[Cade] Any of you boys are known felons,
you might want to skedaddle.
I ain't supposed to be consortin'
with you.
[all chuckle]
-Sorry. Meant to get to you this morning.
-[Ruth] It's okay.
-My dad just came home.
-[Marty] Sure.
[Ruth] So, been busy.
[Marty] Yeah.
You didn't bring me a corsage
or some shit, did you?
Fuck no, we got a thing.
-You must be Martin Byrde.
-Hi. You're Cade?
-Yes, I am.
-Hi, there.
Hi. I wanted to say thank you very much
for taking care of my baby girl
while I was away.
Yeah. Well, you know, she's...
Um...
Congratulations.
For what?
-Well, you know, she--
-I'm just kidding.
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
-It's good to be free.
-I'll bet.
Hmm.
Anyway, you look like a man
with things to do.
I'll let you two talk, and...
-Got a thing.
-Yeah, you have a good night.
Pleasure.
[Cade] Mm-hmm.
Um...
So, listen. We're not partners, okay?
I won't be held hostage
because of what you did for me.
You understand?
Okay.
So, besides that, tell me what you want.
A raise.
How much?
Twenty-five grand a year.
Okay. Done. Anything else?
I wanna learn how to use the books.
Sure. What else?
That's it.
We just opened up a new office
to help manage the other businesses.
You wanna work there a couple days a week?
I can show you the ropes.
-Okay.
-Sound good? Okay.
Take tomorrow off, hang out with your dad.
Start day after tomorrow?
See you in there? Yeah? Good.
[Wendy] The Gold Coast?
Australia, Wendy? Come on.
[Wendy] Nobody'd be looking for us
in Australia.
[Marty] Yeah. No shit.
-You got him?
-Mm-hmm.
-Is he alone?
-Are you ready?
-Mm-hmm.
-[kisses] Good luck.
[Wilkes] Scotch, neat, please.
[clears throat]
Having a good time? Thanks for coming.
Thank you.
Oh!
-I am so sorry. Please excuse me.
-I'm so sorry.
-Pardon me, I'm so sorry.
-No, no. We're fine. It's my fault.
-Should've looked where I'm going. Ugh.
-No, good Lord.
-I apologize.
-[chuckles]
Is that St. Jerome...
Is that St. Jerome Emiliani?
Yeah, my mother gave it to me.
It's silly, but it means something to me.
I'm Wendy Byrde.
Wendy Byrde.
You spent $50,000 on a table.
-I'm very impressed.
-[both chuckle]
Do you know the names of everybody
who donated here? Oh.
Knowing people's names
seems the bare minimum
for the price of admission, right?
-I should introduce you to my husband.
-I'd love to meet him.
Hi. I was hoping you could help me.
A client of mine
swiped his credit card here recently,
and I'd love to take a look
at your security footage.
I can give you precise date and time.
I can't do that.
His card was actually used
without his knowledge.
Like I said...
I'm his attorney.
We're trying to conduct this investigation
as discreetly as possible.
I'm sure you understand.
What part of "I can't do that"
is so fucking confusing?
Are all the files kept in that recorder?
Why?
I'm just curious
if they're sent to another server
or if you're my only recourse.
[clears throat]
No. You are stuck with me.
I would be more than happy
to pay for any inconvenience.
How's 500 grand?
I'm sorry we couldn't come
to an agreement.
Dude, if you're with that bitch,
I already said everything I had to say.
Hey.
No, no, no, no, no. No, no.
Don't kill me.
[man groaning]
[door closes]
[door opens]
[man gags]
How about now?
Tell me. How does a casino equate
to a more simple family life?
What we do for a living has
absolutely no bearing on how we parent.
And I refute anybody
who says Christian values
and capitalism can't coexist.
[Marty] Hmm.
[Wendy] Hmm?
We are new to Missouri,
but we understand business,
and we understand the power of community.
You said you worked in politics
in Chicago?
I did.
[Wilkes] And you think
you can sell me on this idea.
-I do.
-[Wilkes] Yeah?
Enlighten me.
Well, as Marty sort of
skimmed the surface...
[panting]
-Ow.
-[both chuckle]
-Careful.
-[laughs]
Don't you dent my top-ranked minivan
in the US, okay?
Let's go. Out of the car.
Out of the car.
In the back seat.
You lied.
This is Del's credit card being used
in Chicago.
I'm sure you can recognize that gentleman.
He's rather distinctive.
Distinctively not Del.
-I had no idea--
-[Helen] Oh, please.
For both our sakes.
We know you are not a killer.
You're a businessman,
which is why we are giving you an hour
to negotiate reparations for Del's death.
-One hour?
-Mm-hmm.
After that, I have to leave it
to my associates outside.
[Marty] Uh, well...
Del was completely out of line.
We had a deal made
and then he started insulting the Snells.
I don't doubt it. I knew Del.
Nevertheless.
What kind of deal
are you willing to accept?
I'll know it when I hear it.
Okay.
Let's go see the Snells.
Good.
[all laughing]
[Wyatt] So were you ever scared in there?
[Cade] Most of those boys don't really
fight, they just push and shove.
But forget about me.
Tell me about you, boy.
How's that local talent?
-What are you talking about?
-Girls. Lakeside.
You managing to get your share?
[Wyatt] They don't pay
much attention to me.
None of 'em? There must be at least one
with some sense.
I don't know. Maybe one.
[laughing]
[Cade] Do tell.
[Ruth] You need to go to sleep.
It's a fucking school night.
[Cade] Tell you what.
We'll do a little business together,
put some money in your pocket,
let the girls notice...
that bulge.
[both laughing]
-[Ruth] Classy.
-[chuckling] Oh! Whoa!
[Ruth] You're not supposed
to drink on parole.
Hmm. Girl thinks
she's both our mamas.
So...
what do you think happened
to your daddy, anyway?
How's he careless enough to go
and get himself electrocuted?
That's not like him.
Yeah. I don't know.
Probably Boyd did something stupid.
[Cade] Yeah.
Mm-hmm.
Maybe it was Boyd.
Fuck it. I'm going to bed.
Don't blame me if your mornings are shit.
-[Wyatt] Night!
-Night.
[Jacob] What are they asking for?
Fair reparations.
The man violated a code.
The man was a top lieutenant
in a billion dollar business.
Thank you, Ash.
What are you suggesting?
You should offer them $5 million.
-For that Mexican man?
-[Wendy] Del had a wife and two children.
They're better off without him.
[Marty] We can't leave here
without a solution.
[Darlene] There's nothing needs solving.
I take it they didn't give you
clear guidelines.
What about $4 million?
[Wendy] What if you adjusted
your percentage in the casino?
Nothing comes out of your pocket
until it makes money.
5%? 3%. That'd pay for
any misunderstanding in perpetuity.
[Darlene] It's weakness.
[Wendy] Your heroin.
Maybe you surrender profits
on a certain number of shipments.
They'd still need to provide distribution.
[Marty] We could negotiate that.
[Darlene] Giving away our crop for free
goes against the backbone of this deal.
You shot their man's fucking head off.
[Jacob] The man violated a code.
That has a price...
but it's not ours to pay.
Jacob, there are Mexicans at your gate
that are ready to come up here
and wipe us all out.
[Darlene] Let 'em come.
[Wendy] You have got
to think this through.
The cartel has more men and more guns
than you could ever have,
and if it doesn't happen tonight,
they'll just send more men.
More and more and more.
So, I'm begging you.
We are begging you. We have two children.
So, I ask you, just see this through.
Just think it through.
You need to go.
Go.
Don't do this.
[Jacob] No more compromises,
no more deals.
Ash, escort them out. Get the men.
-[grunts]
-[Wendy yells] Oh!
-[Wendy gasping] Oh, God.
-[Marty] Jesus Christ.
[Darlene] No!
Jacob! No! No!
[gasps] Ash! Ash!
[breathing heavily]
[Marty] Jesus Christ, Jacob.
What the fuck?
Why, Jacob?
No. Ash.
You killed their man, Darlene.
-[Darlene whimpering] Shit.
-Go on.
This was the only thing
that was gonna make it right.
And you know it.
Now, go get your Mexican.
[Darlene sighs]
[Marty] Come on. Yeah.
[Wendy] Excuse me. I'm sorry.
Is that what we wanted?
We didn't want anything.
[Wendy] So, that's it?
We go back in that house, go to bed,
wake up in the morning, kiss the kids?
That's exactly what we do.
We make the pancakes, and ask the kids
what's going on with school
and we just keep trying to figure out
a way out of this, Wendy.
We're responsible.
-What for?
-All of it.
No, we're not.
-Another man is dead.
-Because of his choices.
He didn't have to try
to cover up a murder, okay?
Just like Darlene didn't have to
kill Del in the first place,
or Russ and Boyd didn't have to decide
to try to kill me,
or Mason should have stayed out
on the water.
Should've stayed on the fucking water.
And, you know...
People make choices, Wendy.
Choices have consequences.
We don't have to live
under the weight of those decisions.
At least admit it was good for us.
If that man hadn't died,
the casino would be dead.
So would we.
We got lucky.
What'd he want?
-Who?
-Byrde.
Why'd he show up here like that?
I asked him for a raise.
[Cade sighs]
[grunts]
[breathing heavily]
What'd he say?
He said yes.
[Cade sighs]
You just remember, he ain't your daddy.
♪ The summer wind ♪
♪ Came blowin' in
From across the sea ♪
♪ It lingered there
To touch your hair ♪
♪ And walk with me ♪
♪ All summer long, we sang a song ♪
♪ And then we strolled that golden sand ♪
♪ Two sweethearts and the summer wind ♪
♪ Like painted kites ♪
♪ Those days and nights
They went flyin' by ♪
♪ The world was new ♪
♪ Beneath a blue umbrella sky ♪
♪ Then softer than a piper man ♪
♪ One day it called to you ♪
♪ I lost you ♪
♪ I lost you to the summer wind ♪
♪ The autumn wind and the winter winds ♪
♪ They have come and gone ♪
♪ And still the days ♪
♪ Those lonely days
They go on and on ♪
♪ And guess who sighs his lullabies ♪
♪ Through nights that never end ♪
♪ My fickle friend ♪
♪ The summer wind ♪
♪ Warm summer wind ♪